Update README with comprehensive GridDB usage and system documentation (#14)
sophiathekitty/GridDB: README.md

---

### Screen App System

#### Overview

The ScreenApp framework provides a GUI application model built on top of the Screen/Sprite rendering system. Each app renders onto a specific `IMyTextSurface` and receives game controller input through the associated `ScreenAppSeat`.

#### Creating a Screen App

1. Subclass `ScreenApp`.
2. Register the app in the static `AvailableApps` dictionary so the seat can launch it by name.
3. Call `ScreenAppSeat.GetSeat(address, rootApp)` to bind a seat to the app.

```csharp
public class MyApp : ScreenApp
{
    public static void Init()
    {
        AvailableApps["My App"] = (seat) => new MyApp(seat);
        ScreenAppSeat.GetSeat("my_seat_address", "My App");
    }

    public MyApp(ScreenAppSeat seat) : base(seat, "My App")
    {
        // build your UI layout here
    }

    public override void Update(string argument)
    {
        // handle input and update display
        base.Update(argument);
    }
}
```

The `address` string passed to `GetSeat` is an arbitrary tag (e.g. `"artist_desk"`) shared by:

> - The programmable block's text surface (identified by `desktop:artist_desk`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The block's text surface (identified by `desktop:artist_desk`). This can be a separate text panel block or the main text surface on the control seat block. 
```
